aliceblue
aquamarine	
azure	
beige

blue   
	
blueviolet
brown	
burlywood	
cadetblue	
chartreuse	
chocolate	
coral	
cornflowerblue	cornsilk	crimson	   cyan   darkgoldenrod	darkgreen	darkkhaki	darkorange
darkorange1	darkorchid
	darksalmon
darkseagreen	
darkslateblue	darkslategray	
	darkslategrey	darkturquoise	darkviolet	deeppink
	deepskyblue
	dimgray
dimgrey	dodgerblue		firebrick		floralwhite	forestgreen	gainsboro	ghostwhite
   gold   	
goldenrod	goldenrod1	
   gray   	gray0	gray1	gray10	gray100
gray11	gray12	gray13	gray14	gray15
gray16	gray17	gray18	gray19	gray2
gray20	gray21	gray22	gray23	gray24
gray25	gray26	gray27	gray28	gray29
gray3	gray30	gray31	gray32	gray33
gray34	gray35	gray36	gray37	gray38
gray39	gray4	gray40	gray41	gray42
gray43	gray44	gray45	gray46	gray47
gray48	gray49	gray5	gray50	gray51
gray52	gray53	gray54	gray55	gray56
gray57	gray58	gray59	gray6	gray60
gray61	gray62	gray63	gray64	gray65
gray66	gray67	gray68	gray69	gray7
gray70	gray71	gray72	gray73	gray74
gray75	gray76	gray77	gray78	gray79
gray8	gray80	gray81	gray82	gray83
gray84	gray85	gray86	gray87	gray88
gray89	gray9	gray90	gray91	gray92
gray93	gray94	gray95	gray96	gray97
gray98	gray99	green	green1	green2
green3	green4	greenyellow	   grey   	grey0
grey1	grey10	grey100	grey11	grey12
grey13	grey14	grey15	grey16	grey17
grey18	grey19	grey2	grey20	grey21
grey22	grey23	grey24	grey25	grey26
grey27	grey28	grey29	grey3	grey30
grey31	grey32	grey33	grey34	grey35
grey36	grey37	grey38	grey39	grey4
grey40	grey41	grey42	grey43	grey44
grey45	grey46	grey47	grey48	grey49
grey5	grey50	grey51	grey52	grey53
grey54	grey55	grey56	grey57	grey58
grey59	grey6	grey60	grey61	grey62
grey63	grey64	grey65	grey66	grey67
grey68	grey69	grey7	grey70	grey71
grey72	grey73	grey74	grey75	grey76
grey77	grey78	grey79	grey8	grey80
grey81	grey82	grey83	grey84	grey85
grey86	grey87	grey88	grey89	grey9
grey90	grey91	grey92	grey93	grey94
grey95	grey96	grey97	grey98	grey99
honeydew	honeydew1	honeydew2	honeydew3	honeydew4
hotpink	hotpink1	hotpink2	hotpink3	hotpink4
indianred	indianred1	indianred2	indianred3	indianred4
indigo	invis	ivory	ivory1	ivory2
ivory3	ivory4	khaki	khaki1	khaki2
khaki3	khaki4	lavender	lavenderblush	lavenderblush1
lavenderblush2	lavenderblush3	lavenderblush4	lawngreen	lemonchiffon
lemonchiffon1	lemonchiffon2	lemonchiffon3	lemonchiffon4	lightblue
lightblue1	lightblue2	lightblue3	lightblue4	lightcoral
lightcyan	lightcyan1	lightcyan2	lightcyan3	lightcyan4
lightgoldenrod	lightgoldenrod1	lightgoldenrod2	lightgoldenrod3	lightgoldenrod4
lightgoldenrodyellow	lightgray	lightgrey	lightpink	lightpink1
lightpink2	lightpink3	lightpink4	lightsalmon	lightsalmon1
lightsalmon2	lightsalmon3	lightsalmon4	lightseagreen	lightskyblue
lightskyblue1	lightskyblue2	lightskyblue3	lightskyblue4	lightslateblue
lightslategray	lightslategrey	lightsteelblue	lightsteelblue1	lightsteelblue2
lightsteelblue3	lightsteelblue4	lightyellow	lightyellow1	lightyellow2
lightyellow3	lightyellow4	limegreen	linen	magenta
magenta1	magenta2	magenta3	magenta4	maroon
maroon1	maroon2	maroon3	maroon4	mediumaquamarine
mediumblue	mediumorchid	mediumorchid1	mediumorchid2	mediumorchid3
mediumorchid4	mediumpurple	mediumpurple1	mediumpurple2	mediumpurple3
mediumpurple4	mediumseagreen	mediumslateblue	mediumspringgreen	mediumturquoise
mediumvioletred	midnightblue	mintcream	mistyrose	mistyrose1
mistyrose2	mistyrose3	mistyrose4	moccasin	navajowhite
navajowhite1	navajowhite2	navajowhite3	navajowhite4	   navy   
navyblue	   none   	oldlace	olivedrab	olivedrab1
olivedrab2	olivedrab3	olivedrab4	orange	orange1
orange2	orange3	orange4	orangered	orangered1
orangered2	orangered3	orangered4	orchid	orchid1
orchid2	orchid3	orchid4	palegoldenrod	palegreen
palegreen1	palegreen2	palegreen3	palegreen4	paleturquoise
paleturquoise1	paleturquoise2	paleturquoise3	paleturquoise4	palevioletred
palevioletred1	palevioletred2	palevioletred3	palevioletred4	papayawhip
peachpuff	peachpuff1	peachpuff2	peachpuff3	peachpuff4
   peru   	   pink   	pink1	pink2	pink3
pink4	   plum   	plum1	plum2	plum3
plum4	powderblue	purple	purple1	purple2
purple3	purple4	   red   	   red1   	   red2   
   red3   	   red4   	rosybrown	rosybrown1	rosybrown2
rosybrown3	rosybrown4	royalblue	royalblue1	royalblue2
royalblue3	royalblue4	saddlebrown	salmon	salmon1
salmon2	salmon3	salmon4	sandybrown	seagreen
seagreen1	seagreen2	seagreen3	seagreen4	seashell
seashell1	seashell2	seashell3	seashell4	sienna
sienna1	sienna2	sienna3	sienna4	skyblue
skyblue1	skyblue2	skyblue3	skyblue4	slateblue
slateblue1	slateblue2	slateblue3	slateblue4	slategray
slategray1	slategray2	slategray3	slategray4	slategrey
   snow   	snow1	snow2	snow3	snow4
springgreen	springgreen1	springgreen2	springgreen3	springgreen4
steelblue	steelblue1	steelblue2	steelblue3	steelblue4
   tan   	   tan1   	   tan2   	   tan3   	   tan4   
thistle	thistle1	thistle2	thistle3	thistle4
tomato	tomato1	tomato2	tomato3	tomato4
transparent	turquoise	turquoise1	turquoise2	turquoise3
turquoise4	violet	violetred	violetred1	violetred2
violetred3	violetred4	wheat	wheat1	wheat2
wheat3	wheat4	white	whitesmoke	yellow
yellow1	yellow2	yellow3	yellow4	yellowgreen
The SVG color scheme
aliceblue	antiquewhite	   aqua   	aquamarine	azure
beige	bisque	black	blanchedalmond	   blue   
blueviolet	brown	burlywood	cadetblue	chartreuse
chocolate	coral	cornflowerblue	cornsilk	crimson
   cyan   	darkblue	darkcyan	darkgoldenrod	darkgray
darkgreen	darkgrey	darkkhaki	darkmagenta	darkolivegreen
darkorange	darkorchid	darkred	darksalmon	darkseagreen
darkslateblue	darkslategray	darkslategrey	darkturquoise	darkviolet
deeppink	deepskyblue	dimgray	dimgrey	dodgerblue
firebrick	floralwhite	forestgreen	fuchsia	gainsboro
ghostwhite	   gold   	goldenrod	   gray   	   grey   
green	greenyellow	honeydew	hotpink	indianred
indigo	ivory	khaki	lavender	lavenderblush
lawngreen	lemonchiffon	lightblue	lightcoral	lightcyan
lightgoldenrodyellow	lightgray	lightgreen	lightgrey	lightpink
lightsalmon	lightseagreen	lightskyblue	lightslategray	lightslategrey
lightsteelblue	lightyellow	   lime   	limegreen	linen
magenta	maroon	mediumaquamarine	mediumblue	mediumorchid
mediumpurple	mediumseagreen	mediumslateblue	mediumspringgreen	mediumturquoise
mediumvioletred	midnightblue	mintcream	mistyrose	moccasin
navajowhite	   navy   	oldlace	olive	olivedrab
orange	orangered	orchid	palegoldenrod	palegreen
paleturquoise	palevioletred	papayawhip	peachpuff	   peru   
   pink   	   plum   	powderblue	purple	   red   
rosybrown	royalblue	saddlebrown	salmon	sandybrown
seagreen	seashell	sienna	silver	skyblue
slateblue	slategray	slategrey	   snow   	springgreen
steelblue	   tan   	   teal   	thistle	tomato
turquoise	violet	wheat	white	whitesmoke
yellow	yellowgreen